there was half my dad played guitar
nobody lillo suc also knew that he was going out
music of a guitar
a man born for music
but he played with his feet
so that with this part of his body he transports those who hear him to a
sectional world
leaving behind what for him is a problem for me superficial lack
of arms because he has never been afraid
deal
I know he is not
the arms
prominent of the Basque court the heart
do it another hundred good martí strong
the 44-year-old Meléndez study born in Nicaragua
a man who from Czech boy settle in the United States to become the
the passage of time in a celebrity for its peculiar way of making music
also propose own extended
to kiir
sorry I do not deserve that title
at the feet of God they are very precious very nice four to six hours a day
for years it took Tuni to learn to play guitar
and he had to do it alone because back then
nobody wanted to help
besides the teach them rate rate with the feet
until it raises several I can help the first example min
I do not understand how Tony is going to do it, he managed to make the guitar the sustenance
most valuable to support your whole family
with more than 100 arms due to a bad medication that they gave their mother
while pregnant
without those parts of his body he managed to make his arms the most
important throughout his life
it's like living
he gets distracted with his computers that put me in January as an actor the like cc 19
keyboard and on the floor
now with a pencil 75 inc
and manifested own truck
which has all the right accessories to do it with your feet
It was the year of 1987
the most important to me
when Pope John Paul II began
marcogliese
and it has been amazing
ja the road
with a kiss that from him to receive
now the one who is not with us the papo pablo second
has left a mark in my case my heart in my life
that's why he pointed
all the push of wanting to do things motivated by life motivated by their
family tony meléndez decided to leave aside the mop to have arms to ask and
accept life in another way with paper
on the road
there were judge moments
but it really has not been so strong that they have ruined life
of the piero against him percent
in the must
tony meléndez is determined to continue making music
making others happy
enjoying life at wholesale enjoying every moment and letting the
world that is here with its feet on the ground
if a person like with emanuel after driving
In the kids
I feel happy
for if he could not do what I'm doing
as produced
the music that is left there is much that I can do a lot in this in this world
here they do not sell well
ea